docs/installation.md, before:

# Installing the Nisaba extension

Nisaba is an extension to Visual Studio Code (VS Code). In order to install it
on your computer, you will need to follow these steps:

1. Download and install [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).
1. Open VS Code. You will see a screen similar to the one below: <img src="./../media/welcome.png">
1. Click on the VS Codes extensions button <img src="./../media/extensions.png" width="20" height="23"> on the left hand side bar. This will bring up a new panel with a search field: <img src="./../media/extensions_search.png">
1. Type "nisaba" on the search field in the extensions panel. This will show you a list of extensions relevant to your search, which in this case should include the Nisaba extension: <img src="./../media/nisaba_extension_search.png">
1. Click on the "nisaba" extension which will display its details and a button to install the extension: <img src="./../media/nisaba_extension_readme.png">
1. Click on the "install" button.

You should now have the Nisaba extension installed in VS Code.

Please note the Nisaba extension is only visible while you are editing a file
with ".atf" extension. Otherwise, the Nisaba button panel <img src="./../media/buttons.png" height="20"> on the top right
won't show.

Commit message:

Update some docs
* Add more details about the publishing process
* Minor adjustments to the installation instructions
* Slightly clearer information about editing remote files and installation of
  Nisaba on remote server

[skip ci]

docs/installation.md, after:

# Installing the Nisaba extension

Nisaba is an extension to Visual Studio Code (VS Code). In order to install it
on your computer, you will need to follow these steps:

1. Download and install [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).
1. Open VS Code. You will see a screen similar to the one below: <img src="./../media/welcome.png">
1. Click on the VS Codes extensions button <img src="./../media/extensions.png" width="20" height="23"> on the left hand side bar. This will bring up a new panel with a search field: <img src="./../media/extensions_search.png">
1. Type "nisaba" on the search field in the extensions panel. This will show you a list of extensions relevant to your search, which in this case should include the Nisaba extension: <img src="./../media/nisaba_extension_search.png">
1. Click on the "Nisaba" extension which will display its details and a button to install the extension: <img src="./../media/nisaba_extension_readme.png">
1. Click on the "install" button.

You should now have the Nisaba extension installed in VS Code.

Please note the Nisaba extension is only visible while you are editing a file with ".atf" (for ATF files) or ".glo" (for glossary files) extension.
Otherwise, the Nisaba button panel <img src="./../media/buttons.png" height="20"> on the top right won't show.
